### Specification

#### Title: Rajan’s Conquest

Description: This game will be an adventure game within a fantasy world where the player will get the chance to win by conquering the other provinces. The player begins the game as the ruler of their own province. Each province (AI) will have their own individual set of skills, which can be earned by the player through playing the game and conquering said provinces. Each month within the game, the player will be given 3 decision making choices which can increase or decrease the player’s attributes while other provinces make decisions simultaneously. Each province has the choice of attacking another faction or not attacking at all: at the end of the year, the decisions are made on the “battle day”. Towards the end of the month (after the three choices are done), players will be asked if they want to start a battle and choose between the provinces.

Running the program creates a new UI through the API call, which also creates the new user interface instance. The user interface starts a dialogue during which the user enters their name. Then the API creates a new Player object using the given name, whereupon the GameManager class starts the whole game cycle and presents choices for the player to make. Additionally, the GameManager creates an instance of the gameState class in order to record and update game information directly into the game files. The player can enter 1, 2, or 3 acceptable numbers to choose choices on a line that says “input:” to the player. The program is designed to ignore cases since the options are only 1, 2, 3, or an acceptable number for the inputs. The program is limited to very few inputs, and if the player does not give a valid input, they are asked again to choose again.

At the end of each turn, there is a possibility that a random event can occur, chosen randomly through the hashmap events class. One of the player’s three decisions a month will be replaced with a method to address the event instead. During the battle day, the Player can ration the number of troops between a battle with a province. To keep things simple for now, we will only allow players and provinces to be in a single battle at a time (between a player and one province only) and disallow other provinces to attack during the battle day. 
